PAY
Author: Command Master
Keywords: pay bounty wanted law pay jail criminal
Type: Command

Syntax: pay bounty - tries to pay your bounty to remove the WANTED flag. You must be at a bounty office.
Syntax: pay check - views the cost to remove your bounty. You must be at a bounty office.


The pay command pays off a bounty (WANTED flag) gained from attacking the guards, pick
pocketing or similar illegal activities.

You can only pay a bounty at the bounty office, Northwest from the center of Spur.

The cost of the bounty scales based on character level.

Being Wanted will cause the city guards to attack on sight so be careful while moving int
the city!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

QUEST
Author: Command Master
Keywords: quest quests journal
Type: Command

quest request <npc name> - requests the quest from the NPC and adds it to your journal.
quest info <npc name> - asks the NPC about their quest but does not take it. This will display the start text.
quest return <npc name> - turns in a completed quest to a NPC and receives any rewards.quest journal - lists a summary of your quests.
quest journal <progress|completed|turnedin|all> - lists a summary of the quests in the indicated state. Can abbreviate these, ie: quest j p to view quests in progress.
quest journal view <slot>|all - views a specific quest from the last quest journal display unless all is used
quest visit <npc name> - visits a NPC that's needed for a quest.
quest use <item name> (Have to be in the correct room for this to work)
quest delete <exact quest name> - deletes a quest by the exact name. It's case sensitive.


Questing in A Tempest Season is an exciting and rewarding activity to take part in. The
commands above are how you interact with NPCs and their quests.

First, one must request a quest from a NPC. NPCs who have quests show up with (Quest)
around their names.

Second, after receiving the quest, you must complete the objectives. These may involve
finding items, visiting certain NPCs or rooms, or simply slaying beasts!

Finally, once the quest is finished, return to the original NPC to receive your reward!


You may also view your journal by typing 'quest journal'.

Some quests are difficult to solve - so feel free to ask for help. There are also rare
quests that give rich rewards so be on the look out!
